KIM Da-mi
CHO Min-soo
PARK Hes-soon
CHOI Woo-shik
Written and directed by
PARK Hoon-jung
The head.
shoot the head.
How many times do I
need to tell you idiots?
Use your goddamn brain for once.
THE WITCH:
PART 1. THE SUBVERSION
Look at you.
Why bother going after her?
Dumb kid.
Go and wash up.
Get out of my sight.
get going!
Are you deaf?
Don't be a pest.
screw off. you idiot!
Don't you dare look at me!
Take him.
And the girl?
You lost her then?
Do you...
always work this poorly?
Not like these kids are normal.
Indeed.
They are inherently
on a different level.
Keep looking for her.
however.
report her to the HQ
as decommissioned.
What?
She won't last long anyway.
You know that.
Don't you?
Her condition is
different than yours. Mr. Choi.
She'll die on the run.
Isn't that a bigger problem?
Her out in the wild?
Don't worry about that.
She's only 8 years old.
Enough.
See you.
I'm starving.
What the hell
am I doing at this hour?
Drive!
Come here. eat.
Isn't this a kid?
Oh man...
Oh jeez...
Hey there.
Kiddo. oh my...
Honey!
This is not good.
is she still alive?
Honey. over here!
Come here quick!
Honey!
This is terrible...
No need to worry.
The wounds are external.
she'll recover.
I see.
However...
I wonder if her memories
will come back.
You said she doesn't know
her name or age.
Yes. thank you so much.
What will you do with her
when she gets better?
Well...
10 years later
Come on. mister.
It's not like we're strangers.
My babies have starved
for 2 days now.
You know things are
bad nowadays.
I know what you're
going through.
But you won't help?
You and my dad go way back.
Of course. Mr. Koo and I
are really tight.
I know that.
So please. sir.
Do me this favor.
Even so. I've given you
too much credit.
I'll pay you next month.
Hey. stop that!
You little bastard!
What are you doing?!
She said her kids are starving.
those cows have to eat.
You ugly little shit!
Mister!
I got 12 bags total.
Okay. sure.
Wait. Ja-yoon...
Dad. let her go.
- See you.
- I'm off!
- Ja-yoon. then. um...
- Take care.
- Will you stop?
- Then next month...
- Jesus. dad.
- Pay some of the credit...
You stupid bastard!
Are you under her spell?
Give her our house too.
why don't ya?
Don't be so cheap
to people we know!
Cheap? I've had it!
Why do you lose your shit
whenever you see her?
She's pretty.
Spineless prick!
Goddammit. you useless shit!
I'll never find
a bigger idiot on this earth!
So much paternal love in the air.
Why. she robbed again?
Come on. man.
That idiot pretty much
gave everything to her.
She shouldn't keep driving
without a license.
She really shouldn't.
Let her be.
Her father's not well.
She'll be legal age next year.
Of course I let her be.
I'm just worried. that's all.
How about a coffee break?
Coffee?
That sounds good.
Good.
Daddy!
You took my truck again?
Didn't I tell you
it's dangerous?
I drive so much better than you.
Give me that.
I'll do it.
You're not even well.
go inside. dad.
I can take over
on the weekends.
It's okay.
it's like an exercise.
I won't die so easily.
Go calm your mother.
She even skipped lunch.
Why? Another tantrum?
Go on.
Come inside soon.
I brought fodders.
I'll feed them later.
You should buy some clothes.
dress more like a girl.
Boys will never be
interested in you.
I always wear school uniform.
No need to worry.
just promise me
you won't cry at my wedding.
Eat when I got food.
Come here.
Mom?
Mom!
My baby's here.
give me a hug.
Mom. why didn't you eat again?
Dad made delicious porridge.
Listen. I didn't eat breakfast today.
so I was a little hungry.
and told him to eat lunch early.
Then your dad said.
I ate breakfast earlier.
Sure. I forget things lately.
but would I forget eating?
How dare he treat me
like a patient?
Yeah. we skipped breakfast.
why's dad like that?
He must've forgotten.
- Right?
- Yeah.
I was hungry during lunchtime.
I knew it!
Your dad's being weird lately.
Maybe he has dementia.
I'll make you a wonderful dinner.
- Let's eat early.
- Okay.
What'd you like?
Anything.
Anything made by
my beautiful daughter.
Renowned geneticist
Han Min-su was found dead
in a house fire with
his family yesterday.
Due to stab wounds on the body.
it's considered as a homicide.
And the police are actively
seeking suspects.
As price of cattle
continues to free fall.
it's taking a toll
on the livestock industry.
Reporter Song has the story.
Empty cattle sheds are
a common sight.
It is been a while
since anyone has heard...
Did the fodder shop say anything?
Like what?
What'd they say?
I better sell a few more cattle.
No. dad.
It's too cheap now.
we'll lose so much.
It's better than
starving them.
I heard you drove
the truck again.
My dad saw you. you shrew.
Don't you know it's illegal
for a minor to drive?
You'll get locked up
one of these days.
But your dad's a cop.
he won't dare arrest
his daughter's best friend.
I'd hate to be right.
just go legit.
He's anal when it comes to
separating work and home.
If I ever get arrested.
I won't go down alone.
I'll tattle on you for wasting
textbook money.
Why do I get punished
for your wrongdoing?
That has nothing
to do with your crime.
How many times did you lie about
our sleepover to meet Ki-young?
Why do you bring him up here?
I never did that
4 or 5 times!
Doh Myung-hee.
you're no joke.
Are minors allowed
sleepovers with boys?
Stop it.
Wait. the guy who came
to my place...
Are you nuts?
Put a leash on your dad if you
want me to keep my mouth shut.
A cunning bitch...
You're a shrew!
- You drive me insane!
- Don't hit me!
You said you need money. right?
Why? You'll give me some?
You shrew!
Check it out.
Finally!
Birth of a Star!
The prize is $500.000.
With that money.
your cows.
and your mom's hospital bills
are taken care of. right?
Let me look at you.
My professional opinion is.
your face needs
some work done.
but it'll do for now.
you could do it.
I guarantee it.
- This is crazy.
- Right?
What TV show is this?
This show's ads are everywhere.
and everyone at school
are all gonna apply.
Stop playing with cows and
watch TV for once. you shrew!
It's not the Stone Age.
What's with the 'shrew'?
Shut it. you shrew.
keep watching.
We'll begin the interview!
Ms. Koo Ja-yoon. we'll start
with a short interview.
Don't be nervous
and just be yourself.
Okay.
Is this your first time
applying to an audition?
Yes.
So you've never
learned to sing?
No.
19 years old.
high school senior?
Yes.
Your friend said
you study really well.
# 1 in your school.
Really?
That's too much.
she's got the looks. smarts.
it won't be fair
if she sang well too.
Sorry about that.
No need to be sorry.
what will you sing?
Well. it's...
Birth of a Star
Best score! Amazing!
We're going to Seoul!
I love it! I told you
you'd get in!
I'm lady luck.
just follow my lead!
Go slow. I'm tired.
What a weakling!
Give me your bag.
you shrew.
Let's go!
- You love it that much?
- Absolutely!
My daughter's the prettiest.
And the best singer too!
You always had a great voice.
everyone said you should sing.
Come on. not really.
It's been so long
since I've seen true talent.
do you have any special skills?
I don't have anything...
I think you do.
If this is considered one.
I have a small one...
Something like impersonation?
No. it's nothing like that.
more like magic.
Try it. I'm curious.
Like this...
Ja-yoon!
Why did you...
Mom. I...
Lady and gent.
it's totally cool.
Special skills are
all the rage nowadays.
By showing something special.
she'll get extra exposure
on social networks.
You did good!
Your skill always amazes me.
how do you do it?
I should try too.
I could be on
their next season.
Hello?
I'm tired.
I'll go to bed.
Have a good night.
What? Not again.
Sleep at your own place!
You're used to it by now.
You know you like it.
Just say you do.
Good night.
Right! I got dips
on the window-side!
Hey!
Baby. I just...
I'll be careful.
You don't need to worry.
You saw them.
they loved it.
I don't want to be famous.
When I win the prize money.
I don't need to go back.
I'll get $30.000
just for reaching semi-finals.
But I'm scared.
I told you before.
people can't stand anyone
who are different than them.
I'm just scared
you'll leave us.
Don't say that again.
You're talking like a granny.
She's not going anywhere.
He's right.
where'd I go?
I'm gonna stay here
and live forever with you.
Don't worry.
Let's sleep.
it's late.
My baby...
Right?
Wait! We need to get on!
Wait! We're going to Seoul!
Wait for us!
Thank you!
17. 18. over there!
Excuse us!
That was too damn close.
What's with sudden live broadcast?
And why was our teacher
so talkative today?
Hate that douche.
So hungry.
we won't get to eat.
Aren't you hungry?
So I brought...
- Tada!
- What is it?
Just for this occasion!
Boiled eggs.
My super preparedness
and timely menu selection.
I'm pretty incredible.
if I say so myself.
Eggs and 7 Ups are
the best for train rides.
You shrew.
At least have the decency
to say a thank you.
So good!
It's amazing!
Don't you think
I'm good at stuff like this?
I think I was born
to be a manager.
Shut up and
give me 7 Up.
- 7 Up?
- Yeah.
By the way.
Shouldn't we sign a contract?
I trust you unconditionally.
I do. but it's a tough world
out there.
We split fairly 50-50.
50-50?
Don't you think
that's a bit too much?
It all starts that way.
Agencies in Seoul force talents
to sign slave contracts.
You girls are too funny.
What the hell?
Look at that face...
Absolutely amazing.
Who are you?
Do you know us?
Sure.
Really well.
how could I not know?
Someone you know?
You cunning shrew.
you've been dating a hottie?
I don't know him.
- Really?
- Yeah.
You saw her on TV?
'Birth of a Star.'
She got the highest score
in the preliminaries.
She did cool magic
and stuff. you know?
I do. really well.
Ms. Koo Ja-yoon.
You got a name too.
Koo Ja-yoon.
It's better than calling
each other numbers. right?
Am I right. Ms. Witch?
He knows your nickname.
he must be a fan.
But how did you...
It's a matter of privacy.
I hope it's not online...
Come on.
Don't remember?
What?
What do you mean?
You don't...
you don't have to
put up with your act.
Come on. now...
You forgot that day?
Is that possible?
You know me?
Of course I do!
You know me too.
What's with you?
I think you've mistaken me
for someone else.
I don't know you.
Yeah?
Hey. mister.
Is she for real?
What are you doing?
Are you insane?!
Ja-yoon. you okay?
So frigging interesting...
Help. there's a pervert here!
My dad is a Cop!
You're gonna be in trouble!
Let's meet again.
Screw that. who the hell
do you think you are!
Psychotic bastard!
I knew he was up to no good
when he took my egg!
It's okay.
don't cry.
I drank last night.
I'll be there in a bit.
Don't worry about it. okay.
Yo. meat bag.
Meat bag?
Did you call me that?
Is there anyone else here?
Fucking deaf.
What the fuck are you?
I'll call you right back.
You won't be able to
call back.
Did something crawl up your ass?
Are you nuts?!
You grabbed me?
I did. you country hick.
Uncle!
Why did you drink
so much already?
Uncle!
Make everyone remember you
$500.000 grand prize
Give everything you've got!
Birth of a Star
Country girl
Koo Ja-yoon
Move! Move!
Let us through!
Where do we go?
Where is it?
Ja-yoon. hurry!
Come on!
Hurry the hell up!
We're late!
Why does she always pretend
to be a weakling in public?
Give me your bag.
Thank you. my friend!
Shut up. you gotta treat
your manager well. got it?
50-50. no matter what!
We're gonna be late.
let's run! Come on!
Slow down...
It's okay.
Wait. I'm not done yet!
- Little more powder!
- That's enough!
- Koo Ja-yoon?
- Yes. this is she!
Why are you late?
It's a live show today!
- I'm so sorry!
- Just go.
- Just go?
- No. hurry too!
It's her.
she's the one.
Didn't you say she'd die
while on the run?
Study her carefully.
no more mistakes.
It's really her.
How could I not recognize her?
Look at her.
she's amazing!
I'm getting goosebumps.
Mr. Choi.
you finally found her.
Who will advance to quarterfinals?
The winner is!
Country girl.
Koo Ja-yoon!
Congratulations!
She received overwhelming votes
from the jury and audiences.
She's quickly becoming
a frontrunner to win!
Nice! Nice!
To the quarterfinals!
This is my friend!
- I'm so nervous...
- Wait. Ja-yoon!
Let's take a selfie!
Ja-yoon?
Amazing!
Good job!
Thank you. producer.
The audience reaction
was explosive.
The show's gonna be
a big hit from the start.
Thank you.
Remember that magic
you did last time?
Yes.
Can you do something like that?
Of course.
she can do crap load...
I mean. a lot.
Let's put on a special.
But that's...
It'll be a huge hit.
That's after she wins.
then we'll talk specials.
- Producer Kim!
- Anyway...
Let's think about it
in a positive light. okay?
Positive...
- See you next week.
- Okay.
Good job.
have a safe trip back.
- Thank you.
- Bye. thank you.
He's a douche.
We're gonna be late
for the train. let's go.
Oh yeah! The train!
Give me your bag!
Let's go!
Ja-yoon...
I understand your predicament.
but we have to
let your parents know.
It's not about the surgery bill.
it's a matter of life and death.
You're running out of time.
How much time exactly?
1 month. 2-3 months at the most.
Bone marrow transplant from
biological parents is the only way.
There's no other way.
Ja-yoon. are you okay?
I'm not Ja-yoon.
Sorry!
Ja-yoon! Ja-yoon!
I'm not her too!
- Sorry!
- I'm over here.
- I'm coming out.
- Where? Here?
- You got a nosebleed?
- Yeah.
Oh no! What do we do?!
Are you really okay?
It's not even news now.
let's get taxi. we're late.
Okay. I'll get one.
I love riding Seoul taxis!
There's one! Taxi!
I thought he was gonna stop...
Why is he parking
in front of us?
Ms. Koo Ja-yoon? Right?
Yes. who are you?
Could we talk?
You looked good on TV.
If it's about that.
you gotta talk to me first.
Just for a bit.
it won't take long.
We're actually late
for our train.
Yeah? Then get in.
we can talk on the way.
Come. hop in.
Mister.
Sir. I think we're better off
taking a taxi.
Okay. you can take a taxi.
get her one.
Get her an Uber.
so she's not late.
We'll take you there.
hop in.
Taxi! Taxi!
Out of the way!
To the Seoul station!
Please hurry!
Those guys looked scary.
I was scared shitless.
Why the hell is it raining?
It's gonna pour later.
I can tell.
Where's the damn bus!
That's bizarre.
it's really late.
It should've been here
a long time ago.
Yeah. why is it so late?
Should I ask dad for a ride?
He must be busy.
don't bother him.
Who cares.
he's not on a patrol.
And I really gotta piss...
What do I do?
Wait. I got a call.
Speak of the devil!
Hey dad.
Us?
Wow. so we meet again.
We're meeting too often. right?
What are you doing here
like an idiot?
Waiting for the bus?
I saw one with flat tires.
maybe that's yours?
Too bad.
it's raining too.
You really need to
get home soon.
They're pretty old. huh?
It wouldn't be so strange
if they just died.
What?
Hurry home.
You better get home.
Godspeed!
Dang it!
Hey! Ja-yoon!
Where are you going?!
To the taxi stop!
I have to get home now!
Call your dad and tell him
to get to my place! Now!
I just talked to him.
hold on a sec.
Hello?
She hung up on me?
That punk.
Turn the car around.
Let's drop by at
Mr. Koo's farm.
She chose it well.
a perfect hiding spot.
What're you waiting for?
Let's get it over with
and go home.
Hello there.
I'm Officer Doh
from this area.
May I see your IDs?
Where did dad go?
Dad!
You're back?
Come sit down.
It's raining.
shut the door.
Why did you leave
the lights off?
The lights?
It's on.
the light's back on.
Checkmate.
Eh?
What happened?
Was this here before?
You owe me $50.
Look at you.
a cop betting money.
I'll give you $50.
It's a checkmate.
Wait. wasn't it my turn?
- Kimchi pancake!
- Are you still a cop?
$50!
Anyway. we'll get going.
- Take care of yourself.
- Okay. $50!
Stop teasing him.
Go inside.
Those guys earlier.
do you know them?
Why?
They're Americans.
nothing unusual came up
on my database.
But I definitely felt
something odd about them.
They had that look.
Why were they here?
I don't know either.
I think they've mistaken me
for someone else.
Is that so?
That's baffling.
anyway. go inside.
See you.
Sweetie. wait for me.
- Come on. dad!
- Okay!
I'm coming.
- Is my bag heavy?
- It's alright.
Sir. lights in the garden are on.
That can't be.
Even my family doesn't know
the passcode there.
That was quick.
Oh. this?
I'm gonna have a bonfire.
I was gonna burn down the house.
but they said this is good enough.
You...
Look at his face.
You should've listened.
when we said
we needed you.
Words don't mean anything
when said nicely?
So that's it?
You could've just killed me.
why kill my family?
Right.
We were only told to kill you.
But I got so bored.
Sorry.
Anyway.
it's time.
Good bye.
Isn't this fun?
I heard you're moving to HQ.
It worked out that way.
How did you know?
It didn't look like
a temp gig.
Why don't you take a break?
Go on a vacation.
What do you mean by that?
I'm not implying anything.
a break is a break.
You've worked nonstop
for almost 20 years.
Anywhere you'd like to go?
We'll cover the expenses.
Since when were you
so concerned with my break?
I hope you don't have
another agenda.
What agenda?
For example...
I'll be frank
since it's you.
look the other way
and walk away.
HQ made their decision.
we've already shut down.
You're safe.
so take a tour in Europe.
I'll setup a job for you at HQ
while you're away.
I'm quite capable.
you know that.
Let's meet at HQ.
Alright.
what about the girl?
The girl? Who?
Oh. her.
She was our property
from the beginning.
We'll take care of her.
so ease your mind.
What do you plan to do?
We'll retrieve her...
She's a monster.
You know that.
You can't control her.
she's out of your hands.
You can't let her live.
You think so?
I'd hate to lose
our investment.
Okay. fine!
Stop frowning.
It scares me when you frown.
Prof. Baek is being weird?
Prof. Han then.
Dr. Ko this time.
They were both renowned
researchers in my program.
Could it be a coincidence?
We got new players
in the game?
A few kids were brought in
from the HQ 2 months ago.
but they're made in America.
so IDing them isn't easy.
We're looking into it.
Interesting...
Alright. proceed.
Do as you see fit.
but bring it back.
The girl I mean.
you said you need her dead.
Sure. she could be a liability.
Kill her.
Just bring this to me.
We could use a proof
of all our hard work.
How's your condition?
Once we open her up.
we'll find a way to fix you all.
Proceed.
Yeah. let's wrap it up.
Clean it up nicely.
That's why a fan club
is important.
Family members.
extended families. friends.
they all vote online
and on the phone too.
They're in the audience.
screaming “I love you. Ja-yoon!”
“Pearl-like. Ja-yoon!”
Screaming and cheering
are essential.
So when people see that.
they'll think she's really popular.
and take her seriously.
You know those big
entertainment agencies?
They got fan clubs for this reason.
it's all about manpower!
Every bit helps.
Why won't you listen?
Myung-hee. you're spitting.
Eat your dinner.
You're Neanderthals.
I'm gonna eat everything.
Who are they and
why're they eating with us?
Where did Ja-yoon go?
I'm so worried that
she doesn't eat much.
She needs to eat well.
Go find her.
she's gotta eat.
I'll go.
- If you're done...
- Ja-yoon!
Let's go upstairs.
Yeah. mom.
I'll eat plenty.
Don't worry
and get some rest.
Why did you call me mom?
Have you seen Ja-yoon?
It bothers me that
she's so weak.
If you're done.
let's go upstairs.
I'll find her
and feed her later.
- Is she here?
- Of course.
- Yeah?
- Let's go.
- By the way...
- Yes?
Something's strange about her.
I think she's looking
for her real parents.
I found newspaper clippings
while cleaning.
she gathered information
about orphanages.
And looking up stuff
online too.
Isn't that to look for
her biological parents?
No. of course not.
Let's go upstairs.
I gotta pee.
I drank too much coffee...
Who are you?
Mom...
Myung-hee!
Hi. Ja-yoon.
So we meet again.
Would you remember more
if I called you Little Witch?
Why're you doing this to me?
It's not me.
Like hell. bitch.
I almost died in your hands.
How could I mistake you?
Please...
You got the wrong girl...
I'm not the one
you're looking for.
Then prove it.
What?
Prove to me that
you're not the one.
But how...
Myung-hee!
Your friend's gonna die.
It's not me.
it's really not me.
Why are you
doing this to me?
I'm not the girl.
I really am not.
I told you.
It's not me.
It's not me!
You got a problem with me?
Don't you ever listen?
I told you it's not me.
Like hell...
Then...
What are you right now?
You monster...
I should've killed you back then.
Myung-hee...
Jesus fucking Christ!
You are incredible...
Just look at this!
You're in a class
of your own.
How is it?
Your memories all coming back?
Old farts?
You don't have to worry
about them.
They are just taking a nap.
If you do as we say.
we won't cause any problems.
We're different from
these useless fucks.
Who are you?
Why are you
doing this to me?
What do you want from me?
Holy shit!
Your acting's top notch!
I got goosebumps.
Yo. sidekick!
Don't you think she's weird?
What is?
My friend's not weird at all.
She's so normal.
Is your brain decorative?
Try to think for once.
Listen carefully.
She farms. does chores.
or hangs out with you.
have you ever
seen her studying?
No. right?
But she's always top of her class.
Not just class.
she's on a national level.
She could be at national level
for everything.
She just doesn't
want to attract suspicion.
She's keeping a low profile.
What else?
She's good at
singing. drawing.
acting. she even acts so well!
She can pick up new languages
by listening to it once.
You should be thanking
the company. you bitch.
Who are you?
I don't believe this.
You really don't remember?
I really don't.
So tell me.
who are you?
You did this to me.
you don't remember?
I don't know.
I really don't...
Okay. I'll take your word.
But you'll have to
come with us.
I'll help you
get your memories back.
Come.
Aren't you curious?
Come with us.
Or we could kill everyone
you know in this town.
That's fine with us too.
No worries.
Do what you feel is best for you.
We are professionals.
Ja-yoon...
I'll be back.
Take care of mom and dad.
Is this all the field agents?
You chose the perfect home.
A senior couple.
who lost their son
and grandchild.
An intelligent couple.
an ex-architect from the States...
So perfect.
I bet you selected them
from a long list. right?
You were certain
they'd never leave you.
You were an irresistible child.
So?
Old memories coming back?
So you're that fucking great. huh?
Let's see what you've got.
Goddamn idiot.
Ignoring me?
The ride feels smooth.
Are we going on a drive?
Step the fuck on!
Good to have you back!
I've looked for you
for over 10 years...
I thought you were dead.
It's so good to see you alive.
You grew up so well.
Oh my...
I'm getting misty.
My name is Koo Ja-yoon.
What is this place.
And why are you
doing this to me?
Oh yeah.
No memories. right?
That day was indeed brutal.
You were hurt' quite a bit.
and a major shock to you too.
Sure. I predicted that.
You wouldn't have willingly appeared
on TV to help us track you down.
What are you talking about?
What do you mean 'that day'?
Make yourself comfortable.
I...
I'll help you remember.
What are you doing?
Let go of me!
She's closest thing to perfection.
You okay?
Is anything coming back?
It'll feel so out of place.
but don't worry.
I'm a specialist.
I'm the best brain specialist
in the world right now.
No one has played with
more brains than me.
especially genetically engineered
brains like yours.
What have you people...
Done to me?
Look at her talk.
done to you?
You're starting to
make me feel bad.
You should be thanking me
for making you so pretty
and giving you the power. no?
I created you.
I'm a mother to you.
You tried to kill us all.
I had...
my reasons back then.
Your generation was a success.
Of course it had to.
it was my work.
You were different from
first gen experiments
by those idiots who simply
tempered with brains.
But once we succeeded
our experiments.
there was a change of heart.
The HQ was starting
to get scared.
There was no way
to control you guys.
It's understandable.
There were 2 underlying themes:
heightened physicality
and violent nature.
by transplanting physically perfect genes
and nurturing you with violence.
You were special.
You stood out even from
kids in your classification.
You were closest to
the perfection I desired.
But being on top
makes one nervous.
Inability to control something
is a detestable trait.
Ultimately. we were ordered
to decommission you all.
I couldn't pull the trigger.
you were my life's work.
But that's how the world works.
it was out of my hands.
We actually made a mistake.
You.
We underestimated you
for being a kid.
You were absolutely
incredible that day.
No one who stepped
in front of you survived.
So. do you remember now?
That's how you were created.
do you understand?
We've looked for you everywhere.
and never in our wildest dreams.
we thought you'd be
living such an ordinary life.
You're incapable of that.
am I right?
Violence is your nature.
it's all science.
We assumed you were dead.
and your brain should've
exploded by now.
so we naturally made
that assumption.
Then you showed up on TV.
And as if to prove that it's you.
you've put on a show.
Does your head hurt?
Feels like your eyes will pop
with a bad migraine.
Symptoms are at their peak.
When untreated. you'll bleed
from every hole in your body.
and then...
you die.
Why do you think
we only use a fraction of our brain?
There's a reason for everything.
You knew that too.
That's why you limited
your bodily functions.
to control the symptoms.
You were often called
a weakling. right?
But you searched for
a permanent solution.
You knew you wouldn't
last very long.
But it's all pointless.
The only solution is
bone marrow transplant.
but you don't know your
biological parents.
Fuck!
That's right.
I am the only solution
you've been searching for.
The one who can save you
from pain and death.
Koo Ja-yoon. you bitch!
How does it feel?
Incredible. right?
With this. you can use
your power to the fullest.
Godsend!
This is my gift to you.
But it'll only last a month.
Without another shot.
your symptom will accelerate.
In other words.
you need it every month.
Do you like my gift?
Frankly...
it's better than I expected.
What did she say?
I knew it'd come to this.
I knew you had a solution.
What?
What? What's going on?
- She baited us.
- What?
We didn't find her.
that bitch found us.
Hello. professor.
it's been a while.
Deploy nerve gas.
Turn it off.
Turn it off now!
Do it. asshole!
Where did she go?
So good to see you.
I've missed you so much.
Have you been well?
You...
Sure. I know who I am
and who you are perfectly well.
How could a smart girl like me
ever forget that?
I've not forgotten it
even for a day.
How could I forget
such an excruciating day?
Right?
So...
you planned it all?
Yup. I've been searching
for you for a long time.
But...
that wasn't an easy feat.
So I switched my plan.
It was a bit risky.
but I was running out of time.
You're gonna die.
There isn't much time.
That's right. bingo!
I made you find me.
Clever girl!
You created me like this.
I was so worried that
I'd die like this.
I can't die alone.
that wouldn't be fair.
I wanted to take
everyone with me.
But first.
I need this.
Where's the formula?
Goddamn pest.
Don't be a pest.
screw off. you idiot!
Shoot the head!
Aim properly!
They won't die.
get a headshot!
He's still alive!
Yo!
Who'll take my pretty head?
How could you...
You've gotten stronger
since then.
Fuck...
Maybe I should've killed you.
You should have.
Or you wouldn't die
in my hands today.
You still talk out of your ass.
And you still underestimate me.
Be careful.
I'm not the same as before.
Come on.
You said so.
I'm in a class of my own.
Still too slow.
Goddammit!
Professor.
Wait for me.
This won't take long.
Not good enough.
Never was.
Good shot!
Why can't you get along.
like 2 good monsters.
Don't worry.
I'll kill both of you equally.
Mr. Choi! The head!
Aim for the head!
Kill those monsters!
Head?
How?
Like this?
No. like this.
Mr. Choi! Good job!
I'll take you to the HQ...
I'm too busy
to hear you fucking yap.
Taking your fucking turns. eh?
Oh. I see...
I almost forgot about you.
So it's just us then?
The rest are in
the control room safe.
Where is it made?
HQ research facility. probably.
Where is it?
If you're the last one standing.
I'll tell you.
You want to keep fighting?
Or what?
You'll let me go?
Nope.
Right?
Just a thought.
I'll kill you!
You wanted to see.
how great I am.
I'll show you.
Fuck...
Our lives are so fucked up...
We can't even die properly.
Don't feel so fucked up.
I'll kill you.
Where's the research facility?
But isn't it all pointless?
Koo Ja-yoon. eh?
Koo Ja-yoon...
You can't go back.
You want to live like this?
If it was me...
I'd die as Koo Ja-yoon.
No. I'm gonna live.
As Koo Ja-yoon.
After this? How?
You think it's possible?
Life doesn't always
work out the way you want to.
Where's the facility?
You're back.
Girls shouldn't go around like that.
Good thing your mom fell asleep.
She'd have been so shocked
to see you like that.
Give this to mom.
Once a month.
for 8 months.
Her condition won't worsen.
Don't you need that?
This is enough for me.
Maybe it's better for her
to let nature take its course.
It'll be hard for her.
I'll be back.
no matter what.
Take care of yourself.
No matter how you were born.
we didn't raise you like that.
As you grew up. so many
cows and dogs were killed.
I was actually scared.
thinking that we took in
and raised a witch.
I regretted it too.
Shouldn't have taken you in...
I wanted to send you away
if I could find a way.
But your mom said no.
She said you were a kid
and that all kids are like that.
She said if we
raise you with love.
you'd become a lovely girl.
Go on.
don't be late.
That shrew...
Hurry back. you shrew.
3 months later
So you're the one.
Nice to meet you.
How should I
address you?
I've heard a lot about you
from my sister.
Have you heard
what happened to her?
You found me somehow.
Isn't that what you wanted.
You ransacked so many
places for those.
I need something more permanent.
Someone told me
to find you for that.
No. don't do that.
mom's fine.
If you touch me.
I'll take your head.
THE WITCH:
PART 1. THE SUBVERSION